add cleanup commands and automatically delete temp files (#141)
cybex-gmbh/laravel-protector: UPGRADE-GUIDE.md

- [Release Notes](CHANGELOG.md#v400---2026-xx-xx)
- [GitHub diff](https://github.com/cybex-gmbh/laravel-protector/compare/v3.2.1...v4.0.0)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The `protector.php` config structure and keys have changed. The config file has been split into multiple files.
> If you have previously published the config file, you need to re-publish and adjust the configuration files accordingly.
>
> `.env` keys have changed, check the [ProtectorEnv](src/Enums/ProtectorEnv.php) enum for all keys.

### Overview

This upgrade guide will be split into three main sections targeting different user groups:

- General
- Usage only through commands

> - Usage of the package through code (e.g., using the `Protector` facade)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Usage through commands
- Usage through code (e.g., using the `Protector` facade)
```

Author: done.

    - [Thrown exceptions](#thrown-exceptions)
    - [Protector::getMetaData()](#protectorgetmetadata)
    - [Protector::getDumpMetaData()](#protectorgetdumpmetadata)
    - [Protector::getLatestDumpName()](#protectorgetlatestdumpname)
    - [Setting .env key names during runtime](#setting-env-key-names-during-runtime)
    - [Protector dump endpoint route name](#protector-dump-endpoint-route-name)
    - [HasConfiguration trait](#hasconfiguration-trait)

#### Summary

System

- The minimum required PHP version is now 8.4.
- The minimum required Laravel version is now 12.1.1.
- MySQL is no longer officially supported.

Configuration

- Config keys and `.env` keys have been renamed and restructured.
- Disk handling has been extended and is now configured via the `filesystems.php` config file.
- `Protector` instances can no longer be reconfigured during runtime. Create new instances using the `ProtectorConfigurator` class.
- The Protector dump endpoint route name has been changed.
- To support config caching, .env key names can no longer be changed during runtime.
  If you previously relied on setting .env key names,
  you will now have to set the values directly instead.

> API

Reviewer: everything is an api these days, but does it make sense as a title that also treats commands?

Reviewer: like, dont we also have a real API somewhere in there?

Author: changed to "Usage", does this sound better?

- Some command options have been removed or have been renamed.
- Some methods throw different or more detailed exceptions.
- Some method names and signatures have changed.
- Some methods have been removed.
- Dump metadata has received a new structure.
  Importing legacy dumps with old metadata is still supported.
  However, if you have code that relies on the old metadata structure,
  you will need to adjust it to work with the new structure.

> - The Protector will no longer create dumps in directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Protector will no longer create dumps in subdirectories.
```

Author: done.

| `PROTECTOR_DISK_NAME`           | removed, see [disk handling](#disk-handling) |
| `PROTECTOR_MAX_PACKET_LENGTH`   | `PROTECTOR_DUMP_MAX_PACKET_LENGTH`           |
| `PROTECTOR_AUTH_TOKEN`          | `PROTECTOR_CLIENT_AUTH_TOKEN`                |
| `PROTECTOR_PRIVATE_KEY`         | `PROTECTOR_CLIENT_PRIVATE_KEY`               |
| `PROTECTOR_SERVER_URL`          | `PROTECTOR_CLIENT_DUMP_ENDPOINT_URL`         |
| `PROTECTOR_HTTP_TIMEOUT`        | `PROTECTOR_CLIENT_HTTP_TIMEOUT`              |
| `PROTECTOR_DUMP_ENDPOINT_ROUTE` | `PROTECTOR_SERVER_DUMP_ENDPOINT_ROUTE`       |
| `PROTECTOR_CHUNK_SIZE`          | `PROTECTOR_SERVER_CHUNK_SIZE`                |

### Command Usage

#### php artisan protector:import

> [!NOTE]
> Likelihood of impact: high
>
> Impact: Command usage has changed and might behave different

- Dump files will no longer be retained after importing
    - If you want the old behaviour, use `php artisan protector:download --import` instead
- The `--dump` option has been removed
    - Use `--file` instead
- The `--file` option behaves differently
    - Absolute paths are no longer supported

>     - It will now only accept paths relative to the Protector storage disk or a disk passed with `--disk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - It will now only accept file names in the storage disk, or a disk passed with `--disk`
```

Author: Done. Changed to file paths since the import command accepts paths.

| `PROTECTOR_DISK_NAME`           | removed, see [disk handling](#disk-handling) |
| `PROTECTOR_MAX_PACKET_LENGTH`   | `PROTECTOR_DUMP_MAX_PACKET_LENGTH`           |
| `PROTECTOR_AUTH_TOKEN`          | `PROTECTOR_CLIENT_AUTH_TOKEN`                |
| `PROTECTOR_PRIVATE_KEY`         | `PROTECTOR_CLIENT_PRIVATE_KEY`               |
| `PROTECTOR_SERVER_URL`          | `PROTECTOR_CLIENT_DUMP_ENDPOINT_URL`         |
| `PROTECTOR_HTTP_TIMEOUT`        | `PROTECTOR_CLIENT_HTTP_TIMEOUT`              |
| `PROTECTOR_DUMP_ENDPOINT_ROUTE` | `PROTECTOR_SERVER_DUMP_ENDPOINT_ROUTE`       |
| `PROTECTOR_CHUNK_SIZE`          | `PROTECTOR_SERVER_CHUNK_SIZE`                |

### Command Usage

#### php artisan protector:import

> [!NOTE]
> Likelihood of impact: high
>
> Impact: Command usage has changed and might behave different

- Dump files will no longer be retained after importing
    - If you want the old behaviour, use `php artisan protector:download --import` instead
- The `--dump` option has been removed
    - Use `--file` instead
- The `--file` option behaves differently
    - Absolute paths are no longer supported

>     - It will now only accept file paths in the storage disk, or a disk passed with `--disk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - It will now only accept file paths in the storage disk, or in a given disk, passed with `--disk`
```

Author: done.

- `withMaxPacketLength()` -> `setMaxPacketLength()`
- `withDumpEndpointUrl()` -> `setDumpEndpointUrl()`

`Protector` instances can no longer be reconfigured during runtime.
Create new instances using the `ProtectorConfigurator` class.

```php
ProtectorConfigurator::setAuthToken('my-auth-token')->makeProtector();
```

> Additionally, these options can now be configured per-instance:

Reviewer: idk were listing every other method name here, do we want to list the new ones as well?

Author: i have added the method names
